Document installing a Classic UI project with cookieplone (#1953)
plone/documentation: docs/install/create-project-cookieplone.md

# Install Plone with Cookieplone

This chapter describes how you can create a web application using {term}`Cookieplone`.
Cookieplone is the recommended way to create a Plone project.
It also includes tools for development and deployment.

```{seealso}
For other installation options, see {ref}`get-started-install-label`.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think this accurately amends the history, instead of erasing it.

Of course, I think it would be easier to refer to a release tag or version of cookieplone-templates. @ericof, pretty please?

````suggestion
```{versionadded} Volto 18.0.0-alpha.43
{term}`Cookieplone` was added as the recommended tool to create a Plone project with the Volto frontend starting in Volto 18.0.0-alpha.43 and above.
Subsequently, support for the Classic UI frontend was added in https://github.com/plone/cookieplone-templates/pull/240.
```

````

(create-project-cookieplone-choose-a-user-interface)=

## Choose a user interface

With Cookieplone you can create projects that either use the {term}`Volto` frontend or the {term}`Classic UI` frontend.

You need to decide which type of project to create first.

> Read {doc}`/conceptual-guides/choose-user-interface` and test them on https://demo.plone.org (Volto) and https://classic.demo.plone.org (Classic UI).

Reviewer: Content pulled from `install/index.md` for consistency. Also avoid duplication of the referenced doc.

```suggestion
With Cookieplone, you can create projects that use either {term}`Volto` or {term}`Classic UI` as a frontend, or user interface.
First, choose a Plone frontend.
You can read {doc}`/conceptual-guides/choose-user-interface` to help inform your choice between Volto and Classic UI.
```

```

-   {term}`uv`
-   {term}`nvm` (not required for {term}`Classic UI` projects)

> -   {term}`Node.js` (not required for {term}`Classic UI` projects)

Reviewer: Only the first instance of a term in a page needs markup.

```suggestion
-   {term}`nvm` (required only for Volto projects)
-   {term}`Node.js` (required only for Volto projects)
```

```{include} ../volto/_inc/_install-nvm.md
```

> nvm is only required for {term}`Volto` projects, but not for {term}`Classic UI` projects.

Reviewer: Better to inform the reader whether it is required before the instructions to install it.

````suggestion
nvm is required only for Volto projects and not for Classic UI projects.

```{include} ../volto/_inc/_install-nvm.md
```

````

```{include} ../volto/_inc/_install-nodejs.md
```

> Node.js is only required for {term}`Volto` projects, but not for {term}`Classic UI` projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js is required only for Volto projects and not for Classic UI projects.

```{include} ../volto/_inc/_install-nodejs.md
```

```

> (create-project-cookieplone-generate-the-project-label)=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(create-project-cookieplone-generate-volto-project-label)=
```

> ## Install a Volto project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Volto project

This section describes how to install Plone by creating a project with Volto as the frontend.

```

> ### Create the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate a Volto project
```

> After satisfying the prerequisites and having {ref}`activated an LTS version of Node.js <prerequisites-for-installation-nodejs-label>`, generate the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After satisfying the prerequisites and having {ref}`activated an LTS version of Node.js <prerequisites-for-installation-nodejs-label>`, generate a Volto project.
```

To create a {term}`Volto` project run the following.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```shell
uvx cookieplone project
```

```{seealso}
To instead create a Classic UI project see {ref}`install-cookieplone-generate-classic-project-label`
```

> 

Reviewer: Redundant.

```suggestion
```
